HTML

1-- Rename the bmTourStart.htm file to wmHome.htm.  Create 3 blank html files with the names 
	mwLearn.htm, mwTestimonial.htm and mwRoute.htm.  Rename the start css files with the names
	mw_layout.css and mw_styles.css. (1 point)
2-- Add the doctype definition as well as the opening and closing html, 
	head and body tags to the wmHome.htm page. (1 point)
3-- Add appropriate meta, title script tags to wmHome.htm.  Add a script block that
	allows the page to access the modernizr code. (2 point)
4-- Add the html5 structural tags to the page.  Notice that there is: a header section
    of the page that (will eventually) contain an image, a footer section 
    that contains an address, a navigation section that (will eventually) contain a 
    list and a section that contains 2 articles (the quotation in the middle of the page
    is part of the first article). (2 point)
5-- In the header section of the page, add an h1 tag that includes an image tag.
	The image should load the mwlogo.png file with an appropriate alt attribute. (1 point)
6--	Each one of the navigation items is an unordered list.  Each list item should
	link to the corresponding page.  Your links should work for the home, learn 
	testimonial and route pages.  It is NOT necessary to create links for each of 
	other list items.(2 point)
7-- Clicking anywhere on the mwlogo image should return a user to the home page. (2 point)
	Copy the html on the home page to each of the other html pages.  Make sure that the 
	links work on each page.
8--	Make the headline for both articles an h1 element.  Make each day in the itineary
	an h2 element.  Make each of the paragraphs in each article a paragraph element. (2 point)
9-- Make the quotation in the middle of the page a blockquote element.  
10- Use the appropriate html tag to mark up the word amazing and the author of the quote.  
	The dash in front of the author name should be an html special character.
	
VALIDATE your html file - 5 points
	
CSS - Layout
1--	Style the body so that the margin and padding are both 0px and the width is 900px. (1 point)
2--	Style the navigation element so that it is 150 px wide, floats at the left of the page
	and has a right margin of 10 px (1 pt)
3--	Create a id selector called leftsection.  Style the element so that it is 650 px wide, 
	floats at the left of the page and has a right margin of 15 px.   
	Add the leftsection to the one section element in the html file.  (1 pt)
4--	Style the h2 and p elements on the page with a top margin of 0 and a bottom margin
	of 10 px. (1 pt)
5--	Add to blockquote selector.  It should have a border that's solid, black and 1 px
	in width.  Float it to the right of the page.  The padding around the element should
	be 20 px.  The width should be 170 px. (1 pt)
	
VALIDATE your layout css file - 5 points
	
CSS - Style
1--	Style the body element.  Use the following list of fonts:  Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif.
	(1 pt)
2--	Style the address element in the footer.  Center the text.  Use a font of 14px.  
	Make sure the text is not italicized. (1 pt)
3--	Style the block quote element.  Use a font color of white, size of 16px and Comic Sans MS, 
	Times or cursive.  Set the background color using 131 for red, 121 for green and
	36 for blue. (1 pt)
4-- Style the navigation element.  Set the background color using 125 for red, 120 for green and
	89 for blue.
	Style the list within the navigation element.  Each line should be 3em tall.  The list
	should not have any type of bullet. (1 pt)
5-- Style the anchor tags in each list item in the navigation element.  Set the text color
	to white or rgba(255, 255, 255, .5).  Make sure that the links are not underlined.
	When you hover over each of the list items the text color should change to yellow
	or rgba(255, 255, 255, 1), the background color should change to rgb(131, 121, 36)
	and the bullet should appear as the image wheelmarker.png. (1 pt)
	
UPLOAD your solution to the quiz 1 folder in your public_html folder on citstudent. (5 points)


		


	